# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Resource types

* [`vcsrepo`](#vcsrepo): A local version control repository

## Resource types

### <a name="vcsrepo"></a>`vcsrepo`

A local version control repository

#### Properties

The following properties are available in the `vcsrepo` type.

##### `ensure`

Valid values: `present`, `bare`, `mirror`, `absent`, `latest`

Ensure the version control repository.

##### `includes`

Paths to be included from the repository

##### `module`

The repository module to manage

##### `revision`

Valid values: `%r{^\S+$}`

The revision of the repository

##### `source`

The source URI for the repository

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `vcsrepo` type.

* [`basic_auth_password`](#basic_auth_password)
* [`basic_auth_username`](#basic_auth_username)
* [`branch`](#branch)
* [`compression`](#compression)
* [`configuration`](#configuration)
* [`conflict`](#conflict)
* [`cvs_rsh`](#cvs_rsh)
* [`depth`](#depth)
* [`excludes`](#excludes)
* [`force`](#force)
* [`fstype`](#fstype)
* [`group`](#group)
* [`identity`](#identity)
* [`keep_local_changes`](#keep_local_changes)
* [`owner`](#owner)
* [`p4config`](#p4config)
* [`path`](#path)
* [`provider`](#provider)
* [`remote`](#remote)
* [`submodules`](#submodules)
* [`trust_server_cert`](#trust_server_cert)
* [`user`](#user)

##### <a name="basic_auth_password"></a>`basic_auth_password`

HTTP Basic Auth password

##### <a name="basic_auth_username"></a>`basic_auth_username`

HTTP Basic Auth username

##### <a name="branch"></a>`branch`

The name of the branch to clone.

##### <a name="compression"></a>`compression`

Compression level

##### <a name="configuration"></a>`configuration`

The configuration directory to use

##### <a name="conflict"></a>`conflict`

The action to take if conflicts exist between repository and working copy

##### <a name="cvs_rsh"></a>`cvs_rsh`

The value to be used for the CVS_RSH environment variable.

##### <a name="depth"></a>`depth`

The value to be used to do a shallow clone.

##### <a name="excludes"></a>`excludes`

Local paths which shouldn't be tracked by the repository

##### <a name="force"></a>`force`

Valid values: ``true``, ``false``, `yes`, `no`

Force repository creation, destroying any files on the path in the process.

Default value: ``false``

##### <a name="fstype"></a>`fstype`

Filesystem type

##### <a name="group"></a>`group`

The group/gid that owns the repository files

##### <a name="identity"></a>`identity`

SSH identity file

##### <a name="keep_local_changes"></a>`keep_local_changes`

Valid values: ``true``, ``false``

Keep local changes on files tracked by the repository when changing revision

Default value: ``false``

##### <a name="owner"></a>`owner`

The user/uid that owns the repository files

##### <a name="p4config"></a>`p4config`

The Perforce P4CONFIG environment.

##### <a name="path"></a>`path`

namevar

Absolute path to repository

##### <a name="provider"></a>`provider`

The specific backend to use for this `vcsrepo` resource. You will seldom need to specify this --- Puppet will usually
discover the appropriate provider for your platform.

##### <a name="remote"></a>`remote`

The remote repository to track

Default value: `origin`

##### <a name="submodules"></a>`submodules`

Valid values: ``true``, ``false``

Initialize and update each submodule in the repository.

Default value: ``true``

##### <a name="trust_server_cert"></a>`trust_server_cert`

Valid values: ``true``, ``false``

Trust server certificate

Default value: ``false``

##### <a name="user"></a>`user`

The user to run for repository operations

